What does he mean by opening the country wide?
Is Wang Chongyang still interesting?
That's right, that person is Wang Bochuan, the eldest son of Wang Chongyang
He was appointed to guard the Great Wall of the North under the Dragon
Wang Chongyang just called him son.
Release to Beijing Chengfang
Lure foreign invaders
What foreign enemy wants to invade the dragon
We're downstairs from a civil war.
How can you defend against foreign enemies now?
Can't resist
Then give up resistance
Who are they?
One is Akira Kitagawa, the god of war in Fuso
One is Brooke, the British director general
They were all foreign ambassadors.
Lobster people, listen up
Your country has opened
We contacted the outside world.
Formed the Prosperity Coalition
The Nine Kingdoms of the Dragon Palace are about to march downstairs
You tremble.
You are united
Did the lobster forget the old rules?
So this time we want blood
If you go to kill, you will not keep it at a fair price.